---
id: help
title: Help
sidebar_label: Need Help?
---


## Contact Us

We have listed here our FAQs for your quick reference, if you have any enquiry please send us an email to our support team at **support@GINAR.io**


## Frequently Asked Questions

1. What is Random Number Generation (RNG)? 
Random Number Generation or RNG is the generation of a sequence of numbers or symbols that cannot be reasonably predicted better than by random chance. 

2. What is GINAR?
GINAR is a company provide the decentralized random number generator as a service. The GINAR’s random generation solution is enhanced with the blockchain technology to achieve the security and verifiability for the random outcomes. 

3. Where did the name “GINAR” come from?
Using the acronym letters from Random Number Generator (RNG) and Artificial Intelligence (AI), a randomizer produced the word G.I.N.A.R.

4. What is GINAR's Vision?
GINAR’s vision is to provide a truly secure, verifiable, and unpredictable number for multiple applications ranging from Gaming, Security to IoT as well as all industries looking for a best-in-class dRNG service.

5. What is GINAR’s decentralized Random Number Generator (dRNG)?
GINAR system runs on a blockchain so it derives the signature natures of blockchain: Decentralized and Immutable and does not have a single point of failure. For each random number to be produced, it is the contributions from multiple participants over the blockchain network.

6. Who controls the network? 
With GINAR, the contributors are the ones in control of the number they contribute and no one else. Each contributor is free to choose which number to contribute. Only majority collusion by the contributors can affect the final outcome, hence GINAR has achieved political decentralization.

7. Why GINAR chose blockchain-based technology?
Blockchain technology fosters a transparent data structure between the service provider and the end users. Only a distributed ledger will be kept by the service provider, which prevents data breaches akin to incidents experienced by larger corporations as of late.

8. What is the protocol for GINAR?
GINAR provide RNG as a service on HTTP protocol. For some advanced usages, GINAR can be able to customize the communication to adapt to or any kind of protocol.


9. What are GINAR’s design principles?
Unpredictability, Verifiability, High Performance, Security, and must be Cost effective.

10. How does GINAR work?
Please read our technical white paper at this link and our Blog

11. Why GINAR is Ethereum based?
We believe Ethereum mainnet has the highest potential for growth. In fact, Ethereum having the highest number of DApps speaks to the stability & security of Ethereum, and Ethereum also boasts the most active developer community.

12. Why GINAR developed its own private blockchain?
There are availability, performance and structural issues with the Ethereum mainnet: gas fees incurred even on micro-transactions, slow performance, and scalability.

13. What makes GINAR stand out compared to its competitors?
GINAR provides the advantages that public Blockchain offers,  transparency with verification capability but with faster computation, ease of use and offer higher value at a lower price entry than other similar services. 

14. How fast is GINAR’s dRNG service?
GINAR aims to run a service capable of producing millions of random
numbers per second to cover the whole gaming industry. The core idea is to make the system transparent and open participating while retaining the properties of fairness, tamper-resistance, and unpredictability.

15. Are the random numbers generated by GINAR verifiable?
Verifiability is required to ensure that the secure generation process has not been circumvented. All the random numbers generated by GINAR are stored onto a blockchain, we provide the Verification API which allows you to verify your random numbers at anytime and anywhere.

16. What are the business applications for GINAR?
Business applications exist for companies where the trust of a random number generated needs to be secure at the highest level. The most common examples include Gaming, Banking, and the Security sector. 

17. Is the GINAR random number generation service only for Gaming?
Gaming is our initial focus business. We have built many non-game partnerships and exploring the different markets such as Finance & Banking, AI & Machine Learning, Internet of Things (IoT).

18. What is the business model?
We provide Random Number Generation service based on blockchain for the Gaming industry. Services deliver to the customer via HTTP APIs.
GINAR also provides consultation, design, and implementation in deeper level for any gaming company. 

19. What are the payment types?
Subscription-based scheme for the online user and Contract-based scheme for consultation and implementation work. Please find more information here.

20. Is the GINAR decentralized Random Number Generation service industry certified?
We have successfully conducted statistical tests using the NIST SP 800-22, DIEHARD & DIEHARDER test suite to examine the distribution of generated numbers to tell how "random" they are. These test suites are acknowledged as certifiably the highest level of cryptographic randomness. We strive to successfully pass every major set of industry tests and reach the most demanding standards for the gaming industry from GamingLabs to  iTech Labs.

21. How can I get in touch with you?
You can get in touch with us via Website, Email, LinkedIn, Telegram, Medium, Twitter, Facebook, Github.


